---
layout: post
title: Pathways to Systematizing Creativity
description: Relevant Strategies
image: assets/images/pic05.jpg
---

# Pathways to Systematizing Creativity

 1.  Turn people into creators systematically  
	 a. Restructure mental habits around idea generation
	 b. Free people to think about anything
 2. Create an ideation team of creatives in research
	 1. Fill with researchers in touch with reality
 3. Packaging  
	 a. Undergraduate Class
	 b. Create a Consultant group
	 c. Create a website
	 d. Create a book
 4. Apply sys creativity to generate books, websites, etc.
 5. Create valuable offline workshops where people accelerate their creative work
 6. Generalize to automating creativity in machine intelligence
 7. Find more general principles behind generative modeling, and behind creative concept creation. Literally optimize the process.
 8. Restructure my own mental habits & mental moves towards idea generation
 9. Play! Have fun with creative idea generation.
	 a. Make a movement around this
	 b. Do this late at night with friends for fun
	 c. Creativity parties
 10. Core metric - the rate of closing loops vs. rate of opening loops
 11. Create a group for collaborative problem solving
 12. Find more ways to automate / ritualize this
 13. Identifying asymmetries with these - which are more good than bad and vice versa, which should be shared.
 14. Finding people who are interested in contributing
 15. Hacking projects for practical things
 16. Religion / Cult / Philosophizing
 17. Problem Solving out of Ideation
 18. Put it in the public domain, with blog post
 19. Map Techniques to Tasks
 20. Website
 21. Discoverability
 22. Online Class, something like Udacity
	 a. Making this digestible for an online course
	 b. Pre-selling them on this module
 23. Offline Workshop
 24.  Conference
	 a. Submission to a conference
	 b. Create a conference
 25. Distinction between Generation vs. Content Value
	 a. Going through the process of coming up with the idea makes it stick
	 b. Mental models meaningful to you vs other people
 26. Build a Database of all of the ideas
 27. Shape the audience so that the impact is good
 28. Put this into bite sized bits that makes people feel like they discovered it themselves
 29. Clearer Thinking
 30. Start a school! Like Xavier, mutants.
 31. Start a summer camp
 32. Creativity Cult
	 a. Strict requirements - cut if you fail on discussed metrics
	 b. 4-5 ppl
	 c. Devoted ideation on a daily basis
	 d. Cover a span of approaches to a problem very quickly
	 e. Turn ourselves into geniuses
